From Hollywood, California, just down the road from where the Oscars are happening and
horrible things are going down.
Black people are being admitted to the record.
Harmontown is now in session.
My name is Jeff Davis of Capitola, I'm happy to be back. Let's bring up some friends that are kidding me.
Rob Schwab!
The mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Hello.
It's weird coming out so early.
Yeah.
So we're bringing Schwab out at the top.
I started looking at vines and the...
The Bible tells us, Dan, don't keep your light under a bushel.
Bring me Schwab out as soon as possible.
The kids like him.
You love him too, Dan.
Historically, more often than not, but it's been a long time.
Yes.
What would that graph look like from, like, what, 1991?
Okay, we'll go on to yours. Do it.
So there'd be some valleys and some peaks. I mean, same as any friendship.
Do you think right now...
That was the potential of that setup.
Are you...
Pretend I said this before he just said that.
Are you feeling a Schwab peak or a Schwab valley right now?
I don't know. I just lost an Oscar.
To that fucking movie about the kid's brain.
The Big Short?
They tell you something about Pixar movies.
They have, like, eight million people making them.
If all of them vote for who gets an Oscar, that's how they do it.
Okay, like, eight people worked on my fucking sweatshop movie.
For three years, we moved puppets a millimeter at a time.
That movie was about adults eating pussy in a hotel room.
It was about the futility of monogamy.
It was about our obsession with the other.
And the human condition. Pixar is fine.
Stop giving them shit.
Don't encourage them. Scare them.
They will do better movies.
When they made Toy Story, they were scared.
They were scared it would be bad.
So they made it amazing.
Toy Story 3.
They were scared it was going to be as shitty as Toy Story 2.
So it was great.
Wait a minute. You thought Toy Story 2 was shitty?
I've never seen it. I thought they thought it was.
I've obviously misread the site.
Dan, I'm so sorry you worked really, really hard on that movie.
I, the executive produced for years.
You were there with your sleeves rolled up every day.
There's one thing I know when Dan's involved with anything animated. He rolls up his sleeves.
And just is like, what can I do to help?
What do you need? You need a sandwich? You need some water?
You need any kind of snacks? I know it's two o'clock.
I know we don't fill the refrigerator here at Star Burns, but I'm here.
We'll take care of it. You guys miss your wives and children?
What can I do? What can I do?
What can I do? Dan, what can I do?
Harmon, what can I do for you animators?
What can I do for you working on something that my name goes before your name?
Harmon, what can I help you? How can I help you work for me?
What can I do? What can I do? Does your eyes hurt?
Spoken like an animator. Does your eyes hurt?
I'm from Cartoon Town. I don't know that everything starts with a script.
I was making the script better for your cartoon.
You can just draw a picture and have people go...
What were you writing when you did Schrab Asshole?
You were being very mean to me. Justified. This sucks.
You're catching me on a theft night. Here's the thing.
Do your eyes hurt?
Do they hurt in the first act? Do you cross a threshold into a world where they hurt in a different way?
You were really right. This is what you were doing. Well, I never mind.
You obviously wrote something there. Let's see what happened.
Let's see what you got.
What are you talking about? You're looking at...
I just have a little set list here.
You wrote it.
What was I saying?
Story structure.
Here's the thing. Pixar. Racist.
That's the thing. I called Chris Rock because he's sitting back there with the envelopes.
Just get us out of there. I don't feel comfortable.
In a year, when too many fucking white people are...
I said, give it to Pixar. They don't give a shit about black people.
He was like, are you sure? I said, yeah.
That's the other thing about this. First of all, they don't deserve it.
Second of all, they're racist.
I didn't realize the corruption that you could call Chris Rock up and change the way the Oscars go.
You saw those ticker tapes. Everybody knows who's going to win.
You saw that. They did the little teletype thing.
I hated it.
Nothing different is ever going to play like, cool. That's so cool that they did that different thing.
It reminded me of my space when there was your top five.
Back in my day, it was five.
Whatever number it is, the top blank.
The people that get zing around there...
It was an argument starter, what I'm saying, back home or tomorrow morning.
How come you didn't thank me on the mic?
The teletype is genius because it's all the shitty people that will just get mad if you don't thank them when you win an Oscar.
And the old pros are like, oh, this person did wardrobe for this thing and it's like she's been working for 30 years.
She gets to have a fucking huge ticker tape that goes like, yes, stinky, stymie, poopy, toony.
Yeah, you're so important, but honestly, they play you off in 10 seconds.
So let me tell my little story and make my...
Excuse me, it's top eight, not five.
Sorry, I just have to interrupt you right there, Mr. Schwab.
Actually, your free number's off.
Please continue.
For all of you.
All of them.
Yeah, for all of you.
Welcome to a special Axe Grinderers edition of Primate Town.
I thought they had some cool, innovative ways to keep the Oscars shorter this year.
I could make a suggestion for next year, you could shorten, you could take a half hour off the ceremony by having a separate Mad Max award ceremony.
That's a little joke I wrote in here.
I didn't draw it.
I wrote it.
You know, you could really speed it up by cutting out white people.
They'd be fucking speeding right up.
Schwab loved that one.
Here's something I will agree that they did different this year that I thought was just like, don't do that.
When the people are standing and they're talking about the nominated movies.
The way they cut to the clip.
The camera.
Moving stuff behind you?
No, that's that.
Okay, we'll do my bit later.
I'm talking about the steady cam thing where they have the presenters and then the presenters talk and then the camera move.
Instead of them cutting to a clip, the camera would move.
Oh, I liked that tip.
You liked it?
I thought that was horrible.
I liked it.
I hated it.
You liked it.
I thought that was cool.
See, okay.
Director and writer.
I just thought, I just thought, I was like, it looks like.
Did you love it when all over that, all over that visual stuff, they were typing the words over it?
Seat up, Eric.
Sips his coffee.
You must have been like, fucking yeah.
That's what the movie should have been like.
She smiles, looks at her keyboard and goes, ooh.
That's where the real art is.
I do.
I like watching.
Nobody else does, so I never get to do it except when I'm by myself.
I put the closed caption on.
I forget who the presenters were, but they did say a thing about writers like the backbone of all films are the writers.
Very true.
I liked that.
They dealt with that nicely.
Very true.
I've never said it wasn't.
Well, obviously, fraudulent Oscars this year, as I said.
Except for Fury Road, that was pretty badass.
Well, I mean, I don't know.
I think you can discount all those awards when you look across the board, whether or not the awards were distributed fairly.
I think Anomalyza should have won.
That's the shame, is that now we have to question every single Fury Road award.
I agree.
It's like, who are these people?
What are they thinking?
Yeah, but the animation people aren't voting for the other shit.
Fair.
I like that Whoopi Goldberg dressed up as Ursula from Little Mermaid.
She looked like Ursula from Little Mermaid, right?
Did you guys, okay, go for it.
It's your show, go ahead.
Too much chatter, Red Tooth.
All right.
That's an original Star Wars reference.
Red Tooth.
Who's Red Tooth?
Cut the chatter, Red Tooth.
Cut the chatter of Blue Tooth.
Am I Blue Tooth or the red one?
Wait, what the hell?
What did we say before?
I had to be like one of those weird pirates from the show that yells at the people for being bad pirates.
Little Mermaid.
Whoopi Goldberg.
So, Benicio del Toro.
Benicio del Toro.
Did you see the bear bit and the thing?
And then for like a solid eight seconds, we all got to see what Benicio del Toro looks like when he's amused.
Kind of stepped on the...
Not a real sneeze, just sabotage.
Knock, knock.
Who's there?
Dwayne.
That's great.
Keep going.
Dwayne who?
Anyways, Benicio del Toro.
Benicio del Toro.
Was it Dwayne the chap I'm drowning?
Yeah.
Alright, moving on.
It's not like I have jokes on here.
That was the Oscars. You get any Oscar opinions? You don't care.
Oh, no. I don't really watch the Oscars. It's all...
It's all white people, it's Pixar, racist.
They're just awards. It's like, what does that mean? You like what you like.
Isn't that the thing that matters? Who cares what other people like?
That's not... I'm not doing it for that.
I'm just... I just never understood it.
It's like, if it's great, then it lines up with your opinion,
and if it's a bunch of dumb idiots, then why do you care what they have to say?
Right, but on top of that, if someone says,
hey Spencer, come take this statue,
we decided you're the most awesome person this year,
are you going to tell them to go fuck themselves?
Well, I'm not in that... I don't care. I'm not in that world.
I don't make things that are going to get awards.
And then Whoopi Goldberg comes out.
I was like, I want to steal your voice.
I want to steal your voice, Mermaid.
Did you watch her stuff when she was talking?
She was wandering around with the empty seats.
She's just wandering around. I was like, look at here.
Whoopi Goldberg's here. Hello, Whoopi.
Did they roll out every black person they could find to make it
for the amount of non-black nominees there were?
There was a lot of...
Lewis Gusset Jr. was out, like, Lewis Gusset Jr.
There was a lot of attention paid to that stuff,
to the point where we were all in a fugue state watching it.
Every time we saw something, and maybe this is appropriate,
we had to watch tonight's Oscars through a racial lens
for every single second of it.
So it didn't really matter whether they were actively doing a bit
of an actively being proactive about in some ham-handed way.
But the bummer of that is that, for instance,
if the guy that played Apollo Creed's kid is out there
and he's having a good year, and he's like,
wait, now I don't know.
I had to look at that and I was like, wait, who's who
and what moves and what is part of a facade
and what is part of an actual honor?
There was certainly a dedicated apology
to the lack of black nominees.
All I knew is that it was oppressive
that I was supposed to have an opinion.
I didn't know.
I kind of feel like white people still haven't figured out
how to respond to being called racist.
I think that we still don't handle it quite,
no matter what aspect or part of the spectrum
where we still don't handle it well.
You have declared Pixar racist for not making your movie.
Because calling people racist destroys them.
I'm being a regular person destroying my enemies.
Because I don't care about race.
I use race to kill people.
See, he's deposing me.
You're racist. See?
If somebody, you're at dinner with somebody,
you hope they would pick up the tab.
They don't pick up the tab.
Tell your friends later that they're a little racist.
There's always a dot you can connect.
It's not a bell you can unring.
It doesn't matter if it applies.
Lady, you're racist.
It's going to stick with you for ten minutes.
It's just a strong, strong thing.
It's a useful thing. It's like a crowbar.
Use it to open things.
I lost an Oscar.
Pixar's racist.
I feel better.
Pixar doesn't care.
Black people...
What could we do for them?
Pixar's racist.
I feel better.
Couldn't one of your main puppets in Anomalisa
have been a black puppet?
I've just executive produced it.
I didn't really work on the movie.
Oh!
Interesting.
Very interesting.
You're revealing.
I definitely lost an Oscar tonight,
but if you have a racial problem with the movie,
I talked to Charlie Kaufman.
The real racist is Charlie Kaufman here, right?
I mean, it's on record.
That guy hates...
The real racist is everybody.
Uh...
Rob, are there going to be any black Lego characters?
All of them.
All of them?
The whole movie?
Yeah, all of them.
That saves you a lot of money in toy manufacturing.
You make all the Lego pieces black pieces.
I'm not about the money.
I get paid in fun.
Like the last season of Community.
I'm saying I had a fun time doing that.
And you made no money.
No, I made plenty of money.
Spencer, would you rather be paid in money or fun?
It depends on the exchange rate.
Let's say it's even...
It's like Canada and the U.S. about six years ago,
when it was pretty close to even.
Wait.
I'm saying the exchange rate is like a dollar of fun
equals a dollar of money.
Oh, fuck.
Don't examine this premise too closely.
Especially if you're the ghost of Julia Child.
Yeah.
What does that mean?
It's just broccoli.
Excuse me.
For those of you listening...
A little red wine.
She has a handkerchief.
Excuse me.
A very talky audience tonight.
They're a little chatty.
But that's okay.
We have an active audience.
That kind of bit us in the ass at the Chicago show.
We have 800 people.
When you go to a different city,
people in cities that aren't Los Angeles,
that aren't jaded and numbed down and cool.
We're all cool in LA.
We were used to like...
So when you go to a different city
and it's like, holy shit, Harmontown's coming.
Number one, that means you can fill in 800...
What are you talking about?
If I put a gun to your head and asked you that question,
what would you say?
What Chicago show?
The Chicago...
I would pretend that you have to guess.
And you tell me.
What Chicago show, Rob?
Or your family's going to die?
What do you think?
It's like a jigsaw.
It's a saw movie.
What Chicago show?
What am I talking about?
There's a spinning blade.
I'm about to say you did a show in Chicago.
Okay. Yes, I did.
And you could do that in your head next time.
That whole process.
Well, you did a show Saturday.
I don't know what that is.
It doesn't matter.
You're not Sherlock.
Everything happened?
Well, this is what happens when you bring me out this early.
He brought you out!
And he did it to fuck with me.
Look at him!
So mean.
I think things are going just fine.
He's a mean person.
So mean.
Chicago show is weird.
Why was it weird?
Dino told a story about the greatest
dream of all time called
Hot Rod Parade.
That was fucking fantastic.
When it was over, you hadn't paid attention
to it at all.
You were like, let's just move on.
Well, that's my crap.
I was too drunk and too preoccupied.
800 people.
If I feel like the show's not going well,
I get too spun out.
In my head.
And then we saw this in the movie, the Harmontown movie.
That's what happened
on the Arizona show when we went out on the road.
I was like, if I start to think
I'm failing in my job somehow,
then I'll be thinking about that.
Ironically, I'll be like, how do I make the show good?
How do I make the show good?
Gotta work harder.
What do they need?
What do my people need?
People are under me.
I'm working so hard. How can I help them?
I feel so responsible.
I'm back on your...
I'm on your side now.
I don't like what's going on.
I'm going to give myself...
I didn't get an Oscar today,
but I'm going to give myself an award.
My therapist told me
my problem is
toxic shame.
I'm not going to feel shame by default.
You're trying to provoke my sense of shame.
It's like, I work hard,
but I'm not going to defend myself.
Nobody works harder than me.
Let's bring Steve Levy out here.
Ask him how hard I work.
Steve to the Levy.
I mean, I...
Hello.
It was a rhetorical suggestion.
I don't even know what...
It was like saying, let's bring the Native American out here
and ask about...
Let's bring him out.
Native American person.
Steve, tell Rob...
Tell Rob...
Tell Rob
your opinion of my work ethic.
He works harder than anybody I've ever met
in my entire life. That's true.
He's a fucking bargain, Hollywood.
It's crazy.
He's way better than anybody.
He's the most creative person I've ever met.
You're not doing the hype man thing right now either, right?
No. This is actual truth.
This is passion.
I love you.
He said freestyle.
Put a pin in it.
Thank you. Thank you.
I have a question about the Chicago shy was not at.
What was that beat, that awesome rap beat?
Was that you Spencer that played that one?
No, no. I had no idea.
We need to get that one back because that was a goodie.
I don't have that beat.
It's a goodie. I need to get that one on it.
Steve Levy.
Tell us about your famous
Buttermilk Biscuits.
Oh, yeah.
Wait, is it clear that I work hard?
Are you hearing that? Does that register?
I think you work very hard
because our friendship
is falling by the way because when I call you up
you're always working. Yeah, there are people suffering
because I work too hard.
Does that make you happy
or does that feel like a burden to you?
I'm working through it.
I got to do more
work to deal with my attitude toward
work.
And this guy, this guy's the only guy
which guy?
It's a podcast over there.
He just insinuated that I don't work hard,
but because I'm working in therapy
very hard.
You didn't even go to therapy.
My therapist told me.
I thought you went to the same therapist, no?
Yes, we do.
Not together.
Although that would probably be helpful.
I'm okay
paying for your couples therapy.
Only if we can shoot it.
I want to shoot it on video.
It'd be in
the Harry McSally coach.
For real, if I pay for it
would you guys go to couples therapy and film it?
We're both paying for it already and our therapist
who's the same therapist, she says
if you want to bring someone else in
I'm going to go in with my new
girlfriend just because
as a preemptive, it's like, whoa, let's
weatherproof this thing.
And the therapist is like, yeah
bring anybody you want to, bring your mailman
in.
Would you in trouble go in the couples therapy
just for kicks if I pay for it?
You don't have to pay for it.
I want to be involved in some way.
Yes.
Would you go fund me or a kickstarter or some shit?
The only thing that would be perfect
that won't happen is if our
therapist that we see separately
that would be great to have her
on the podcast.
I know that she would never do it.
That sounds really unethical.
She would never do it.
She's too professional.
I'm quite willing
to write the check for you two to be filmed
going to therapy together.
All right. Okay, Steve
here's the thing.
Take a shirt off.
Just show the ladies.
You know, we got two
guests that we're going to bring out.
So I just thank you for coming out
and bouncing off of this guy.
Are you kicking Steve Levy out the stage?
Yeah, because
delegation is part of the fucking daily
shit I have to put up with.
This podcast, you know,
great minds on the
history channel.
Rick and Morty.
Is community still
happening somewhere?
Is it on C-SPAN now?
I'm probably working on that.
And I'm writing like 900
things.
Do you ever spend time
Dan just smelling the roses,
swinging in the hammock in the breeze?
Yeah, never just kick up your feet and just
relax. See what he's doing?
He thinks that I'm lazy.
I'm just asking.
How insane is that?
Dude, he thinks
I'm lazy.
You play a lot of Minecraft.
Dude, you guys are fucking nuts, man.
Dan, I'm on your side so far.
Rob is being an antagonist right now.
I am, I am, I am.
Dan, I'm sorry.
I'm not proud of...
I wrote it.
I'm not proud of the fact that I work hard
so I'm not defending myself
from these ridiculous
allegations.
You do kick up your feet because
I asked you today. You said you were going to
have brunch today and I said you want to go out
and have a drink. I'm going to go home
and play a little Xbox. That's you kicking up your feet.
That's you relaxing
of a Sunday afternoon.
It just needs to turn off the brain
for a bit.
I'm not...
It's all the buzzing.
It's very therapeutic.
Because we did bits and fought with each other,
we didn't talk about the KKK rally in Anaheim
or the very important
Apple FBI privacy issues.
You'll have to listen to some other podcast
that has a little
more control over itself
to get an insight into these issues.
Google it and educate yourself.
I don't know. I don't know.
I wrote coughing and farting. Oh, that's important.
Before we bring our guests out.
This is an important question.
Because this happened to me today.
I coughed and I farted
and I was with my girlfriend.
So I was like...
Simultaneously? Exactly at the same time?
No, in all terms.
Was it like cough art or exactly at the same time?
Of course at the same time.
Talking to her.
It's great to be in love
and have respect for each other
and to not have our opinions
about each other be affected by anything.
It happened at the same time.
When you cough,
your cough is loudest to you.
Your fart,
you know you farted.
What you don't know is if the person
is a foot away from you.
If they heard the cough louder than the fart.
So here's the dilemma.
This is why I always go...
First I'm going to say what I always do
and then I'm going to explain why.
I always, when that happens,
I go...
I farted when I coughed.
The reason I do that
is because what if they heard it
and I ignored it?
You want to get in front of that news cycle?
What if they... Yes.
What if they heard it and they thought
I was coughing to cover a fart
instead of leaving the room?
The truth is it was an accident.
If I had to fart, I would have left
the room and farted and come back.
I would never do something like that.
Be dishonest and go like...
Are you saying the cough made you fart?
Of course the cough made me fart.
What's the alternative to that?
They could have been independent of each other.
What?
You could have coughed and farted
and they had nothing to do with each other.
What are the odds of that happening?
That's insane.
Do you...
cough when you fart?
No, I...
Do you fart separately sometimes?
I...
I fart separately all the time
and cough separately.
That's that dumb of a question then.
You guys...
I think of a cough as more of an
upper body thoracic kind of thing
and the farts being more of a lumbar and below.
But when you get your balls groped
by the doctor, he says turn left
and you fart on them.
But I'm saying your balls are closer
to your ass than your chest.
Right.
At least mine are.
Humble brag.
Picks or it didn't happen, Rob.
All right.
So when you cough, you may fart.
I can't believe this is...
Am I going to find out I'm weird this way?
I have a little more core strength
than you maybe.
I won't deny that at all.
My chiropractor's all over me about my core.
But that probably is a thing.
How are you and your chiropractor doing?
I'm down to once a week
and I'm on a vitamin D prescription.
Thanks to my doctor and everything's going great.
I've lost weight. I know it doesn't look like that.
But...
and everything's doing great.
My doctor's very happy about how my diet's going
and I'm doing great.
I know I look like a big, sweaty, gross slug.
And I'm saying that I...
when I cough, I fart.
Every time I cough, I don't fart.
But I think it's insane.
Not all the glitters is gold.
All right. Let's just...
Okay. So you're coughing and farting?
Well, I think I'm... I guess we're done with that.
I just get... I feel like I don't want to...
I just...
You coughed and farted in front of your new girlfriend
and what was the upshot of that?
I wanted to know
because this happened today
and it made me remember that
regardless of how long I've been dating somebody,
it doesn't matter
regardless of who the other person is,
I've always win that happens
when I cough and I fart.
Full disclosure.
I always go and I just go
and I have to make this decision in my head where I go,
there's a good chance
that now I'm just going to be telling a person
that didn't want to know that I farted.
However, to me,
it's sort of like the legal systems philosophy
that's like, it's better to
to let ten innocent men
go... go... or ten guilty men
go free than the idea of one
innocent man going to prison.
To me, it's better
to have nine people go like,
why is he always telling us
when he farts
after a cough than to have
one person go,
do you know that fucking guy did the other day?
He had to fart so he faked
a cough.
He didn't get up and go away.
He thinks I'm so stupid
that he could just cover his farts
and Andy wanted me to just sit in a fart.
I don't want anyone thinking that.
They let ten guilty men
They're supposed to.
We don't really approach it that way.
They're supposed to let
ten guilty men
go.
That's philosophy that we learned
in high school.
They should change that.
They're trying.
Did you find out if you were busted
on the fart or not?
I've done it before too
and she's like, why do you keep telling me
when that happens?
She said, I didn't know you farted.
I said, well, I didn't know you didn't know
so I had to tell you.
That makes you a good person though.
That's what I told her.
It also makes you a guy with no core strength.
That's true and I'm going to work on that.
Our next guests
you've probably seen
these bus stop ads
around for this very funny
new show that's being
drawn at a really, really cool
hard working animation studio
in Burbank called Starburns Industries.
You see these little ads.
I don't even know. I don't even know what you're doing.
That was the
the greatest
protest I've ever seen
in my life.
Totally unrelated question.
How old are you?
Just unrelated.
Totally unrelated.
It wouldn't be a great time for everyone
to just go around their room
and just state their age.
And then the guy that just did that
should go last.
And you'd be like
Whoa!
That behavior
that really
you've walked the earth
that long.
You've made and witnessed
that many mistakes.
You got to push harder.
What?
This is what you do Dan.
Excuse me.
This is what you do Jeff.
I can't make it.
You have to have the
You get the microphone real close.
You have to have the soul
of a six year old.
It's like Thor's hammer.
Like no one else can
fuck up.
Oh my god he's scraping.
He's like scraping the...
I am. I'm ruining this.
I wouldn't look it.
Obviously it's had a few
days. I just do this.
Alright.
Jonah Ray is going to be going
What the fuck man?
Anyways
I can't tell who to root for anymore.
What the fuck man?
There's this really funny
show on HBO on 1130.
On 1130 on Fridays.
And it's called Animals.
And it's all your favorite comedy people
doing these little sketches.
And they're drawn as these little animal people.
And animal people.
They're in the back going he's never seen the show.
I have not that much.
But I know they're not animal people.
They're animals.
I'm not going to define their show.
They love working at Star Burns.
They think it's amazing how hard
I work.
I don't really talk to them.
There's a difference between them.
Let's bring out the creators of HBO's Animals.
Mike Luciano and Phil Matarice.
Hi.
Hi everybody.
I'm Phil.
I was going to say
they're going to come out and sit.
And Phil's going to sit here and Mike's going to sit here.
You nailed it.
Make that clear off the bat.
It's easier to say Mike and Phil.
But I just want everyone to know
when you see the credit it's created by
it's not alphabetical.
But if you're talking to friends and everything you say
Mike and Phil you know it's totally fine.
If you guys commit to this glasses no glasses thing
there's not going to be a problem.
Like I'm always going to know from now on
Mike, Phil, easy.
And we're also different people too.
That's also the other part of it.
Looking at what my face looks like.
I don't know. Maybe that.
Take off your glasses
for a second.
Either Phil or Mike.
Now look at this shit. Come on.
Are you fucking kidding me?
Now imagine if they had the same haircut
which they did a week ago.
You know what?
I don't don't. Fuck you guys.
Come on down.
I confuse people that are
way less identical than you guys.
I get in trouble like all the fucking time.
This sounds like a damn problem then.
Doesn't it?
Yes it is. And I've been honest about that.
My face?
You guys have put up with a lot.
I should obviously.
But I swear to God there was one time
when you guys were coming over
and we were going to go to Comic-Con.
And I said to my then wife Erin McGathy
I said they're going to be here in a half hour
you need to help me with something.
These two guys
fucking look the same.
Come on, grow up and google them
and figure it out. And I said okay.
And then I came back in and I said
come here for a second.
And I sat there and I said you fucking tell me
give me a mnemonic device.
And she was like fill hat
because it was like a
south by interview or something
where it was like a person and it was like a perfect setup
because it was like so what's it like when you do the thing
and there's like one of you
in a single and it's got your name and then the other
and Erin went oh boy.
But she was like
for Pride's sake she was like well
Phil's ears are
farther up.
Yup, that's it.
And whatever she said
we did say
she was like okay
fuck it was something with the ears
and whatever it was I swear to god
I'm not doing it as a bit like you guys showed up
and I looked at ears
and we had ear muffs on.
Hi Dan.
And based on ears like did this thing
where I was like this is Mike and you went I'm Phil.
And the ear thing
alright so that's the end of my story.
The glasses thing is fucking great.
This is good. You gotta keep them on baby.
Alright so for me
it's Phil right? I'm Phil.
You're Phil. Phil
you look a little bit more like Andy Garcia
than Mike.
Thank you so much.
That's how I'm gonna go along with that one for now.
You look a little bit more like Jewish Hans Gruber.
Okay.
I'm not Jewish but I'll take it.
You're not Jewish but I'll take it.
That fucks me up because you guys both look like
Jewish Hans Gruber.
I'll take it back. You're Andy Garcia
you're not Andy Garcia.
Let's talk about it. Thank you Jeff.
Thank you Phil. Right?
See? Yeah.
I'm writing in my notes. Phil.
He's got it.
Phil Andy Garcia.
Because when I walk in a room they're always both there
so I always go well if it isn't Mike and Phil.
That's good.
Bring it in. That's real good.
It's in no particular order.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Alright.
Enough about that. Let's talk about
you guys. How important is it
to be a writer especially in animation
to have a beard?
I think it's a necessity. You have to.
Am I the only guy in Hollywood
that doesn't have a beard?
It's the reason why I don't want to get up in the morning
to write is because I can't grow a good beard.
I grow a very patchy Johnny Depp.
Who is that Asian guy
in the red carpet who had the worst patchiest
beard of all time? I grow that kind of beard.
Stucky Chan.
If I grow sexy beard
would I be a better writer?
Is the question I have.
Yes. Yes.
Says Dave Plein who has a giant beard.
Alright, so like what was it
a year and a half ago?
You guys had this thing on the internet.
Animals, dry comedy
like eight frames per hour
in terms of like
glacial. Because it's just like
drawing of animal doing setup
like doing kind of like
very organic and kind of improv style.
I'm going to get a soda.
He's so jealous because there's people that draw
up here.
I mean I'm just sitting here and it's hot.
I'm going to get a soda. No offense.
None to.
Come back though. I'll come back
quietly and I won't interrupt.
I get it. No, I get it.
Got the old Harmontown standbys up here.
Then these two young guys
walk in. So it all for
a loop. I'm sorry, I'm not
kumail you guys.
No, me.
We have an special too though.
If you're all very quiet.
You can see something you very rarely see in nature.
What?
The Rob Schrab going out to get a soda.
Right.
Yeah.
To be an artist and to invoke
the Schrab passive aggression is like
that strongman belly ring.
Right to the top.
He wouldn't be intimidated if he just doodled
something on an African. He was
like fuck, what am I doing with my wife?
I'm going to go to...
Two baby, that's good.
But you guys are self starters.
You're like the weekend, the guy.
Not the two day.
The one guy.
This is post internet
like these guys on the internet
do the thing. Now it's really is the way
it works. Like you guys are self starting
internet dudes. Like you started
doing this thing as it is on the internet
following your passion. Making yourself laugh.
Channel 101. Then went to
Channel 101.
New York baby. Then went to
New York take. What was it
the New York TV Festival? Yeah.
Where Mitch Hurwitz was like you guys are
awesome. Duplass brothers were like
you guys are awesome.
What is Mitch's steak now?
He did a voice
in two episodes. He's
my dad in an episode. But he...
Does he like... Do you guys have to send
money from the budget to the show?
To him? No. He's got nothing
to do with it anymore. We partnered with the Duplass
bros. So those guys are
executive producers and how we were able
to make a bunch of episodes independently
for like a year
before we partnered with Starbucks to finish it
out and sell it to HBO.
And we just gave you a little home to keep you off the street.
You did. And I think it's nice that I
don't do anything on your show. I think it's
kind of cool because we just kind of passed in the halls
and especially when Rick and Morty was there too it's
just like... I don't know it's a little gang.
Yeah. It was lovely. And you see me and you go
boy there's Dan
like he doesn't... He's not going to come
in here and tell us how to draw an animal. Yeah.
Well that wouldn't be any of my business.
Yeah. I'm not lazy.
No you're not. You're there late
and I've seen you there very early
from like the night before. It seems
like Dan you're a little hands-off on the show.
I mean you don't know.
That's a good thing. It's a good thing.
He came up to us. I thought
you were a workaholic. I thought that was your gimmick.
You care too much.
You work too hard. Well the first
time he came up to us he rolled up his sleeves and
he was like what can I do that? I did.
I did. I did. A sandwich.
And then you know... I did have that meeting with
you guys. He doesn't...
I don't know. He's cool. He's nice.
But then I didn't see him for a long time.
Is Dan a permanent PA here? Dan doesn't
have sleeves. Dan's never had sleeves.
Yeah. But did you
remember that conversation? Because we talked
for a half hour and I was like these guys seem like cool guys.
You already had it. They're already
guys in the building. It's like a different relationship.
It's like you guys said like the Duplass brothers
were like you guys should do your thing. They were
your benefactors and you guys tried as hard
as you could to do it literally by yourselves.
And then it was like holy shit we're going to go insane.
So it's just really
they're more tenets. It's not like
they're not a brain child
of Starbucks. A building
where they get to work. But
nevertheless
because I love creativity
and because I'm sort of a...
I'm just a wonderful person.
So good. And because you never know
you guys could give me a job one day.
I don't have no idea. That's what Hollywood's
about. You don't
say no to anything like bringing in my office.
I said if there's ever anything
I can do and you guys are really great
but you've never needed anything.
No not really.
I mean part of why are we with you guys.
It's a building.
When we went around
to try to like find the animation
studio that was going to help us because initially
we made the first two episodes of our show
that just aired on TV
two weeks ago. Literally in an apartment
that Phil and I lived with.
Four weeks ago and it started whatever it was.
And I would listen to Harmontowns when I was
making it. So it's very bizarre to be up here.
It was really sweet.
It's a weird thing.
Shut up you.
I know you.
I listen to Harmontowns.
I'm on the subreddit.
You're not going to take this away from me.
I work too hard for this.
Oh my god. Mike Luciano
was the first person to realize
that Adam Goldberg is in the audience.
I'm Phil.
You called me Mike.
Phil is Andy Garcia.
Mike is Neil Berkeley.
You see what you did?
Mike Neil Berkeley, Phil Andy Garcia.
This is the problem that keeps happening.
My mnemonic device keeps being
the guy that doesn't look like
a Phil is the Phil.
And I keep flipping it forward.
So I look like a Phil?
I read it and it was like, you look like a Mike.
Thank you.
Phil is an asshole name.
Every dumb dad or every fucking fool
in a commercial is named Phil.
It's kind of hack.
I named Phil as hack.
It's like a main character named Phil.
Now Dan, just invert that in your mind.
He's the non-intuitive Phil.
That's your connection now.
I mean the original thing.
I started panicking that first meeting.
I remember I was looking at your shoes
and I saw you were wearing nikes.
What are the odds he'll continue
to wear nikes?
And then they fucking like...
We go all crazy.
Because obviously it's the first thing that happens
when you get successful.
You're like, how many shoes can I get?
Exactly.
I have so many shoes.
I am Novi Orish.
So I'm trying to buy up the whole shoe store.
Mike and Phil, how do you guys know each other?
What's your origin story?
Weekends, nights.
It's sort of snowballed.
And what's the dynamic between the two of you?
One guy is the more of the dry guy
and one guy is the over-the-shoulder comedy guy.
A lot of attention, generally.
Just a friendship tension.
What did you say? Oh, tension.
Who's the Schrab and who's the harmless?
I'm the Schrab and I wouldn't say he's the
harm necessarily because I want to be the harm.
Yeah, I do the drawing.
Mike does the editing
of the dialogue
because it's improvised our show.
So that's actually a huge
or it's like a big
big step, I would say.
And we write it. We write everything together.
We write all the episodes.
Do you guys ever fight? Do you guys have tension
in the edit bay?
We're writing season two now and that's the most
difficult part.
So much of writing is sitting there
quietly resenting the other person
for not agreeing with everything you're saying.
It's so fundamentally
how do you like, how do you experience?
I heard you and Justin
at that one live record.
That was amazing. That made me feel so good
knowing that you guys like eating each other too.
Not to pull rank in a
format sense, but this is essentially a sketch
show. I know you guys do
larger things, but like fucking
story breaking.
It's an exercise
in frustration. It's an Asperger friendly
format.
When I say Asperger friendly,
I don't mean that it's like it causes
joy.
You have to have an attention surplus
to story break.
If you have an attention deficit and I'm not
saying that anyone clinically does,
Justin!
Did you just fart two times?
I just farted.
Why are you fucking farting?
But Justin is like,
you guys have hung out with Justin.
His genius is from
his fucking like, he cannot
get bored so quickly.
He gets so bored.
He's a bored guy.
Rob Schratz back everybody. Welcome back, Rob.
Rob, do you want to tell us briefly about
your adventures while you were away?
I got a
delicious, actually incredibly
refreshing, sprite drink
from the concession
area over there.
They offered not to
let me
pay for it, but I gave them
a tip anyway. That was fun.
And then I saw
Ovid Gaith there. We shook hands.
I think Ovid had a
thing, like I invited him to the show
because he had a thing you wanted to talk about.
Oh, you farted.
That was gross to see that this close.
When you burp, do you also pee?
What happens?
I hide in a three stooge's bathroom.
Not everything is connected to a lateral
thing. I don't always
fart when I cough.
We're trying to find out how the plumbing works.
Doesn't everyone
every once in a while, while you're
coughing, fart? Isn't that something
that happens?
My question was
when that happens and you're
one foot from someone
what is your, like
do you say? If you cough and
fart, you should disclose that I
farted so you're not trying to bury the lead
on that one. I think you're being a good
person for that. But sometimes
the context can come in
like you could be on a first date, like
just try not to cough, I guess.
Coughs are dangerous.
But you know at first dates
what am I talking about?
Fucking first date, if that's what's going to
happen.
That was
the chair, that was the chair.
Who's chair? Now you do the first
thing, the first thing you go, I swear to God
no, baby!
Wait, what am I
curious about with the animals?
What kind of animals do you get?
This is what I'm curious about as a writer
because I've seen the show,
a lot of these people probably see the show.
How many people have actually seen it?
Cool, great, thank you.
That's not enough.
For the listeners that only are hearing
this podcast out on audio,
more people raise their hands than clap.
I didn't specify so
much.
What I am curious about because it's got that
very organic style, there's obviously
clearly a lot of improv happening,
and I'm very curious because you guys have all these
A-list comedy people coming in
to the Starburns recording booth
in beautiful downtown Burbank.
What A-listers?
Aziz Ansari, Chelsea Peretti,
Molly Shannon, Jessica Chastain,
Danny McBride,
Minzoopis, yeah, Kroll.
John Lovitz is a good friend
of mine now.
Yeah, great friend.
He's got to come on this show.
He's so awesome, dude.
He was unbelievable.
Thank you, buddy.
So the question is, are you going to kill me?
You're like,
barely too drunk.
There's a contentiousness coming from
that general vicinity.
Go ahead, sorry.
It's magnified though when you're under lights
and you hear voices from out there,
it...
that dynamic adds
10 pounds of content.
Yeah. Oh, so maybe I'm hearing it wrong.
Because you always are thinking like,
why am I talking to a microphone if you hear anybody
could be going like, I'm diabetic
and I'm going into shock right now or something like that.
If you just hear a voice, you're like, hey, fuck you, lady.
Shut the fuck up.
Um, because you just hear the word
shock and you're like, shock? Fuck you.
I don't care about your politically correct bullshit.
What do you want to trigger warnings?
I was like, no, I need insulin.
Shock and awe.
I shouldn't have done that.
Wait, wait, wait, stop, stop.
I want to finish one.
Because I had an actual, this is the first for me.
I have an actual question for people
I'm interviewing that I'm actually interested in.
Because I really want to know...
Rob, how's your sprite?
Is it delicious? Yeah, it's really good.
So good. It looks really good.
It's still chilled. Cold and refreshing?
I prefer it in the aluminum can.
I'm more of a 7-up guy, but you like sprite?
I prefer 7-up,
but it's just not as common as you prefer 7-up.
You prefer 7-up?
Here's something that I noticed
on a... who's that guy?
Liv Shriver.
What's this guy?
Do you know who I'm talking about?
Liv Shriver.
He always looks put off.
He came out and he went...
Because he said...
We lost Dan.
We lost Dan to Rob.
I wasn't even going to bring it up because
it was such a nuanced thing because
Liv Shriver came out and I said to Cody
I was watching the Oscars because
Liv Shriver said like...
Production design is very important
in Hollywood and when he said it
his face looked like he really...
the reason he was saying it is like,
I don't get why.
It was a pet peeve of his.
Like as if he was saying like...
Misogyny is
as American as Apple Pie.
Like he was making a...
He was being upset.
Like production design is...
He was like...
Liv Shriver has something going on with him.
He's very put off.
Maybe he's nearsighted and he's having trouble with the prompters.
It could be. But I also...
Benicio del Toro looking amused
is the most terrifying he's ever looked
which could be the secret of this thing.
He goes like, oh god, that's not good Benicio.
We caught him tonight
because they did a prep bit with a bear
and they cut back to him and he was like...
And it was like, oh,
Benicio, mystery
gone.
Do you think he thought it was like
a Wolfman reference?
And he was like...
He's an actor. He thought
what does a cat think when you run the can opener?
He thought
he thought there's food
and he's like...
Or are there any actors in the audience?
I'm sorry.
You were making a point just before that.
No, I wanted to interview
our fucking guests.
One question.
This is not a tangent.
The reason I was talking about what is this?
Liv?
He looks like he smells like
Cherry Seven Up.
He looks
like he smells like it?
He looks like he smells like Cherry Seven Up.
I haven't been next to him,
so I look at him on TV
and it's like he might smell like Cherry Seven Up.
They do that. Let's exercise.
They do it at art school.
I want you to draw something that looks
like it smells like something.
Mr. Straub, what are you...
Do you have
do you have something better to do
than draw
something that smells like something?
What is it you're drawing?
Let's just share it
with the class!
It's a perfect drawing.
He's drawing robots!
It's Liv Schreiber to a T.
Man,
it's so weird being inside of a Harmontown
and just having it happen around you.
My question was
when you guys
and I
because there's
it's a ton of organic
improvised kind of material
you guys have both parties in a booth
if you're doing a two person scene, right?
They go back and forth and we're in it too.
What do the scripts look like when they're ready to be recorded?
It's like 12 to 15 pages
and it has
just general scene breakdowns
and then like a few sentences
for each beat that we need to get to
and then also with kind of an idea of maybe
the joke that needs to be handed
Yeah, we'll tell them at the front and sit down with them.
This is what happens. You're a tiny turtle
and then a mechanical frog
which we've heard rumors about
maybe that's probably similar to what a curb your enthusiasm
Yeah, that's what we heard.
Mark Duplass was on the league
and that show is very similar in that kind of case
so he was able to transpose a lot of stuff
from that entire show.
But yeah, we're in the booth. That's one of the
main selling points of Star Burns
I think in general is you guys have the biggest booth
which is so
insane. We've had
eight people in there recording at once
How big is the booth?
Like from the stage
even bigger than that, probably from that thing to that
Damn, that's a big booth
That's why she got a big booth, y'all
That is a big booth
That is a big
booth
You know why? Cause I
in my biopic when I'm starting
my studio and I'm going like
I want the booth to be big and they're like
well, then the sound kept really good. Sound is everything
Podcasts are everything
We need a podcast friendly booth
Put politicians in on wheels
if the people need to be compressed
and I want these rivets to be
flush, flush, flush, flush
The best booth in the fucking city
What actor is playing you?
What country or
Caprio, so he did an accent to make sure
he's nominated for something
Even though I'm not
Southern, he just had to add
something. Did Leo win?
He did? He won Best Actor for Revenant
Also, who gives a
shit? That's true too
Fuck him. So Tom Hardy must be pissed off
He's like, I did the exact same thing
he did for an entire movie
Who
I'm Best Director?
In utero, whatever
Really? Yeah
Who was it? Revenant, dude
Revenant, dude
You said racist earlier
and now you said Mexican and you've got a
Southern handsome Latino vibe to you
I appreciate it
Thank you
Who won the Best Director?
Oh, Alejandro
Is it the Revenant? Yes
He did the
What else did he do?
I'm pointing at the Latino guy
What did your friend do?
He's getting up
I got something here to say
How does Mad Max get
Best Production Designer
Best Sound, Best Editing
Sweeps Everything
And the guy that told all those people to do that
The Director doesn't get Best Director
How the fuck does that happen?
Good point
Because you're still accountable if people think you're a prick
So watch it
Good point too
I thought George Miller was a prick
I thought I would get a laugh
Fuck you
You just saw what a producer is
and what a director is
Very true
What's the other movie?
Birdman
Goddamn it
Birdman Gravity
He's awesome
Gravity sucks
Don't get me fucking going on
I think there needs to be a new stereotype
about Mexican directors
Is Alma Duvara's
Mexican right?
Or is he Spanish?
Okay
New stereotype
Let's start it
Mexicans, great directors
They have an extra muscle in their eyeball
A lot of
Mexico sending a lot of the rapist directors up here
Yes
Mexicans, great directors
And I'm sure some of them are nice people
A lot of rapists
They have to put a director-sized hole in a wall
around a mess
There used to be a director-shaped hole
I'm going to build a beautiful lens
It's going to be a very, very, very good lens
I'm going to talk to the best lens makers ever
And I'm a negotiator
I've done a very good job
I've made lenses for things
I've gotten awards for their scene
Is this Leo DiCaprio playing this character too?
Yes, I'm a Leo DiCaprio
in Trump
Oh my god
I'm going to very, very do the thing
Spencer, who would you cast
as Dan Harmon in the Dan Harmon biopic
If you had anybody you wanted
All the budget
You know
I think
Robert Downey Jr.
Just go with the obvious choice
There's no shame in going with the obvious choice
Stop being a producer for one second
He just seems to go with
RDJ if it works
Mike and Phil, who would you cast
as Dan Harmon
if you had to make a biopic
If you had anybody you wanted
You know
For people who have an improvised show
We should have had a joke
Ready at hand
We can edit ourselves back
Let's bring it into your wheelhouse
What animals should I play when I do your show
It's got to be New York City based
Probably a dog
Like Golden Doodle
Yeah, that'd be fun
Spiritually I am
Not that this would make a funny sketch
Just to make me a sea otter
They float on their back
And they eat food on their stomach
And they're just like
Shilling
But they don't build dams
They're almost beavers, but they don't work that hard
And they're just like
What's that?
When they have sex, they grab on to the female's nose
And rip off their nose sometimes
Wow
I hate when that happens
Otters do that
They rip off their
Women snout
Right
They should stop swimming and just
Fuck
Put that shit on dry land
You know what I'm saying
Swim to shore
Don't have to be
Biting on the nose, it should get on the beach
Do that otter
Swimming
Swim fuck
Get on the beach
Rob has a fight in the stand-up set
Y'all biting the nose
Get on the beach and fuck
Why are you
Fucking in the water
Get on the beach and fuck
We didn't have more
Out of nose
Per capita
I think Rob's got the part
Make him an otter
Rob just hit for the otter
I'll be a golden doodle
Anything else
You guys want to pump out
There's another guy
I gotta get up here
Let's watch
It's on HBO Go
It's on HBO Now
It comes out a day before Fridays
So every Thursday
If you're at work or whatever
There's a new episode out
And I think our show's gonna have to be
A word of mouth sort of thing
So the more
We just need cool people
To tell other cool people about it
But we're not getting enough
Stop, it's not for old people
It's for young people
They get two seasons if they get three
That's helpful for everybody
It is a really funny show
And it's like everybody having fun
And it's awesome
And we get to hire all these awesome
Cool people who all have their fingerprints
On the show and we all get to work
Music people too, we got Curvile
Sapprocky
So it's a fun eclectic mix
What style of animation is it?
How are you doing it?
We're doing it in harmony
People call it like lo-fi
Because the mouths don't move or anything
And it's kind of stop-motion-y
In a way, but it's a really weird
Eclectic mix
Some of our backgrounds are photo-realistic
Looking, it's a mixture of
High art and low art
Hi
Little on the nose
It was a little on the nose
Thank you
Thanks so much guys
Thank you guys
It's on
Slightly earlier on HBO Go
And then that drives traffic
To the HBO Go Plus
Turn style
Which makes a wheel spin
Which I think Universal then makes a chicken
You get a free dope
Pop quiz
Who was the one sitting closer to you?
Okay, I got to flip it
Okay
It was
This was Phil
You did it
But I had to flip it three times to remember it
It's not about me being a bad person
I just
My therapist had stopped
My therapist told me
You back yourself into a corner
Because that's where you have won
Your greatest victories
Because you were
In your youth were in an environment
Where you were back into a corner
For real
And nobody else around you understands
Because they look at you and they go
That's a six foot tall fucking bear guy
Like that has no that no one wants
To do anything bad to
And from their perception
You're just a dick
Because when I
I'm going like I'm using
I'll actually like pull people
I'll trick them into like cornering me
And then I'll go
I'm in a corner, thanks for joining me
What? And I got blood all over my face
And everyone's like you're such a dick
And I'm like are you fucking kidding me?
I was outnumbered
And they're like no you dragged them into a corner
That's what a serial killer does
I'm going I'm working through it
With therapy I'm realizing all this
Now I'm crying every week
I'm crying every week
Are you crying happy or
Crying sad?
Just fucking like what is
Beyond that Jeff that's the
Binary heteronormative shit
My fucking tears are just
Tear fucking energy
Is it epiphanic tears?
It's like it's all of the above
It's like oh shit she's right
Tears like it's a you're not happy
Or sad you're like fucking that's it
Dan I cry like
Three times a week
Fag
Our next guest
Is gay
Who has never cried
Until Dan just said that
Uh
You guys
Don't react
I'm not going to make you corner me
I'm just going to say
You're dumb for not laughing at that
That's my judgment of you
Put yourselves in your...
Alright
Alright so
He almost certainly ruined that
Our uh
What's what
Is Abed here Abed are you here
Abed Gheith
Okay
Oh Abed
Abed I haven't seen you in a while
You're looking
Because I don't have a job and I'm broke
Well okay well
It's not above everyone else
I have some of your delicious vodka
Yes of course
You and I are always like
Well I don't want to insult you by saying this
I think me slightly more
But you and I are always fluctuating
Like I never know when I see you
You said last time that I lost weight
Which was very flattering
Maybe every time I see you I just think you look good
Oh thank you well you look good too
Actually you're looking great
This is real Abed
But don't let the name fool you
I feel like the character I made
For a community is more dimensional
That's my new laugh
When's the last time we hung out
It was a while ago
I just needed to siphon off some character points
And I went off to NBC
Should I sit next to Rob
Or is that we need a buffer zone
I think this is fine
How are you doing
After not being the dictator
Of Cuba
No I mean
Hey
Hey what
What
It's like a siphon reaction
I was going to say
I lost weight
And then I was like
I need a cool look that makes me attractive
And I was like
I don't like my head
I was like I need something
So I decided
I decided
I did something
I have this hat from this thing I made
Called the Pop
Shot Spider Gluto
Well you take off your hat
I want to see your
You got me
So you're saying
You do look good with the hat
But how do you
What are your feelings about
Because I've been friends with Schrab for 30 million years
30 million
Really long time
Schrab started
When I met him
Schrab was
He was a bald guy
But he was young
And through my friendship with him
I actually became
I didn't even realize
The attention
We're paying and how it feels
And all the different perspectives
And so I'm curious
Like you're wearing a hat
Because you're saying like
I look better with the hat on
And it's because the fact that you're bald
Is covered or because the hat is
A better looking thing than hair
In the 40's everyone wore hats
And so bald people kind of
Look like everyone else
And I want to look like everyone else
Like I want to be attractive and cool
People with hair
What the fuck is happening
This is like
I feel like we're in therapy right now
But I mean like it's a crazy reunion
I'm gonna pay for this for you to go to therapy
This is not fair, this is like the therapy hour
I want to look like everybody else
I want to be attractive
Sometimes you meet somebody
And they go oh you're bald
You're inadequate
If I have the hat
And I just go
This is everything
You've ever wanted
Look man
Karma fucking happens
And like
You got 10 minutes before I have to go to Kate's show
So make it good
Let's wrap this up
Make it fun for somebody
Let's put a pin in the hat conversation
Because it's like
Obviously when we watched
What was that guy in the bus of love
The fucking like heavy metal guy
Yes
There's like certain personalities
That we see where they have like a scarf
And it's like Jesus Christ
This guy wants to make us
Think he's not bald
But that's different from wearing like a Clark Kent
Like fucking like from an era
When everyone I tried doing that
I tried doing that and then I think
Justin said dude you look like a douchebag
He's like don't be that guy
That comes with that hat
I was like oh shit he's right
I want to try as hard as I can to not care about physical things
But I guess I mean
You look great
Shit
I'm super psyched
Maybe it is the Castro thing
You look like a
Like a young Middle Eastern Hemingway
Like I
I'll take it
I would read a novel that you wrote
Alright so Abid you're on a high
So I brought you here
And you texted me
You had a birthday recently
That was Justin's idea by the way
Did you have a birthday party?
I told him the story
And then he goes text Dan
Tell him about it
Tell Justin
I promised him that I would give him credit
I just want credit for
Inspiring you
You texted me and said
What's Jeff doing over there?
I'm ordering a beer
So I didn't go to your birthday party
Apologies you had a karaoke place
It was interesting
You're down the street
Because Ridley came
Yeah but it's like there's a lot of
There's construction
On that street
I've never seen you sing a karaoke
But it's a new environment
There's a lot of weirdos there
You would probably be uncomfortable
I'm sure
People will be judging you
On your song choice
Well
Dan is pretty
You do well in karaoke
You have some wheelhouse songs
He does a great George Michael
His faith is fucking unbelievable
I'm a big fan of that version
You texted me
And you said
Is Jeff going to be on the show
On Sunday
And you said
He was at my birthday party
And I think it would make a good story
And I said
Why don't you come down to the show and talk about it
I didn't want to hear anything about it
I texted Jeff and said
Abed's coming to the show
He said some shit went down
And Jeff was like that's going to take a minute to talk about
But Abed trying to explain something
Is Abed at his most
Societally
Especially if Rob Schrab is on stage
What has happened
I totally forgot
He's going to be here
I've drawn a frame
Here's Abed explaining
I know nothing about this
Some shit went down
It was crazy
I was super drunk first of all
The first moment when we started
That party at the Holiday Inn
Shout out
And Jeff comes in
Shout out to Burbank
This show is about Burbank
So Jeff comes in
And I'm excited that he came
I've been trying to get Jeff to come to the show
For a while
There's some insane characters there
There's a guy
He dresses like Bono
And he only does Bono songs
And then there's a guy that's got a giant beard
Like a white beard
And he's a coal miner guy
And he sings cowboy songs
And it's like waiting for Guffman
You just got to see these people
Or true stories
Or people who just dress
Like people that sing like those people
It's fun
It's a fun time
I've been to so many videos of these people
And these people exist
I've seen the videos of these people
Which karaoke place is this?
It's Holiday Inn in Burbank
It's Friday nights at 9
Is it hardcore or is it just weird?
There's all these regulars and they all go
Are they hardcore about it?
Are they good singers?
And they're all dressing up like the characters
So it's like one of those places
Where you're like this is hardcore karaoke
These are regulars
I go because I never know what I'm going to see
And I jump into the midst
You set the scene
This is the Nazi Germany of Schindler's List
Here comes the story now
Take us further in
You're setting it up so big
So anyway
We started off at the top
Which is a cool bar
And then we went down the cool glass elevator
And we go, it's like a Willy Wonka situation
And then we go into the actual
Where they're doing the karaoke
This is just a yelp review
This is what happens to you when you
Any consumer that goes to these places
You have to go through the motions
So then we're there and it's like
There's nobody there, I'm all excited
All my friends are going to sing
We're going to have a blast
The night's starting off good
And people are buying me drinks because it's my birthday
Can you tell us how old you are?
Oh man, alright, I'm 37
I'm old
It's the new 27
You thought I was 27, thank you
No, I said it's the new 27
But if you told me you were 27
Look at your thick black fucking marker beard
A girl at that karaoke said I was 26
So that's pretty
She probably didn't see that you were bald
She would have thought you were 900,000 years old
I was wearing the hat
Shucks, you got me
Well, so then
No, I got Schrab, I'm not trying to hurt you
I'm trying to hurt Schrab
I feel like you should be cutting in more
He's like, is he alright?
He'll find, you're doing...
So anyway, the night is going great
I can't remember what song I put in
I always have three songs in my pocket
One of these I'm going to do
Like literally?
I think about what I'm going to sing
But you're patting your pocket
I'm showing you that
But you mean in your head
Yeah, there's nothing in your pocket
How did your pocket...
I write down the song
He means he writes down three that he has ready to go
You actually write them down on a slip of paper
Weird, weird
That's how it works
Already weird
Are you being sarcastic? Because I do think that's weird
It is weird
You have to write them down on a slip of paper
Before you get there
I'm asking him
I had one from last time
I didn't do
Prove to me right now that you don't have a song in your pocket
I wrote the same pants
Got me, I didn't wash them
Is there a chance of the song
Is there a chance of the song at large
In your pocket right now?
No, there's not
There might be one in my wallet, but I don't want to look
I just wanted a record that was important for me to focus in on
That thing, because it's an important detail
Callie, you're saying, oh yeah, you have to write
That was the chair
It's all karaoke
You have to write it on a slip of paper
You're saying you literally
You had unsung songs
Written on slip of karaoke
In case I get stumped
And I need something like a reserve
I got it there
Like the teletype in tonight's Askers
Could be the best thing, could be the worst
I can't even tell
At least you're innovating
I've been doing that karaoke place for five weeks
And everyone's good
I'm trying to like
I'm trying to compete with these people
So I'm really trying to like bring my A game
And so I have reserves, because I'm like
Oh, maybe I'll do better on Happy Together
Maybe Super Call of Fragileistic XBI
Docious will be better
Always, always a fucking doozy
Yeah, that's always a doozy
That one's hard, dude
You squeeze off a little Mary Poppins
In a fucking hardcore karaoke place
So you practice these songs at home?
No, I mean, I love Mary Poppins
So you memorize this song?
Yeah, I mean, that song will never leave me right now
No, fuck that, never, never
No, come on
Call of Fragileistic XBI will be better
Is this really writing a trocious?
I'm not gonna do it
Please stop doing it
Please stop, don't ever do that again
So anyway, I keep getting distracted here
So I'm
I'm excited
I think I put in Nina Cherry's Buffalo Stance
Oh nice
This is one of my favorite
Because rap is easy, you can just rap
You don't have to sing good
It's not always easy
But you can just be like
I mean
You're
Nice try
I mean, rap is like
I'm this guy, I'm doing this
Here I go, bubba blue
We were at karaoke in New York
And we rented one of those rooms
And New York karaoke gets more
Lost in translation
It's New York and it's compressed
You go to places and it's more
Or OG Asian style
Or a little, you're in a tiny room
And there was a
There was a young lady that came
It was a friend of a friend
And she had clearly
This is the first time I ever saw somebody
It was like, oh well you've prepped this
You've practiced doing karaoke before
And this is like your hits
Oh she could have been fucking wrapped the fuck out of it
She did like a Buster Rhyme song
She did a Buster Rhyme song
But she fucking nailed it
That's a new way to have fun
Never looked at the words, knew it the whole time
I got you all in check, that one
I don't know
It doesn't matter
I don't know why I was saying it doesn't matter
I interrupted, continue your story
I think I went up pretty early
Is he alright?
I think Schrab has to go see us
Schrab had a hard out
You know the story, alright
I'll tell you later buddy
He's been disruptive
I love him, I love him
I love him
Now I want him to leave every week
I can use to sing Sheng Oldleg Zined with Rob Schrab
Xavier with Rob Juding
It's very exciting
Old Rob Schrab
You guys are more excited when he left than when he came, it's like funny.
I hate to see him leave, but I love to watch him walk away.
Poor Rob, he's great, he's great, we love him.
I'm just trying to have his back, so anyway, I was, I think I did do Nina Cherry, you signed
up?
I think I did do Nina Cherry, and like, you know, it was exhausting, it's like six minutes,
so I'm up there just fucking moving.
Buffalo Stance, Buffalo Stance will take it out of you, man.
No, she's got a lot of, she does a lot of rap, but then she's got that hook, what's
the hook?
What is she like?
Oh, the hook is, who's looking good today, who's looking good in every way, like don't
mess with me.
That's a fun one.
And I'm not a girl, so I'm singing it like a girl, so it's fun, you know, I'm having
fun.
Alright.
I'm trying to be fun.
Anyway, so I did my song.
Hashtag singing like a girl.
Yeah, I'm singing like a girl.
Anyway, I did my song, it's fine, whatever, we, you know, I think, I can't remember who
came after me.
I did it to great acclaim, I think, I think the crowd was quite pleased.
Okay.
Yeah, I heard you talking on the video, and you were, you were like going, oh, look
at all of it go.
Like, oh yeah.
Well, I was all, I was on board.
Alright.
So, alright.
Big fan, yeah.
Carry up your place.
Had a fun time.
You did it?
I came off stage, having a great time.
The night is going great.
And then I think I saw Jeff, like they called your name, right?
No.
They never called your name?
You're getting the spoiler off.
Kali, Kali Kazoo, get up here, Kali Fontecchio, come on the stage.
She was there.
Fontecchio.
I mean, like, I was super thrilled.
She's the Bernstein to his word, word.
Let's fucking get this right.
Let's back up.
Okay.
First thing.
First of all, Cali's saying the, Cali's new album is out, and her song was the one
that was playing in the beginning.
Thank you.
I'm playing her song all night long.
What's the new record called?
Contrary to Pop Your Belief, and that song was called Hey Look, and you can check out
the music video online, which has Willie Roberts in it, and DeMorge Brown.
And I was cut out.
And Kate Freund.
I was also cut out.
All that was cut out, but yeah.
I was in the video, but I was cut out.
Thank you.
It's fine.
Now work for my interest.
Yeah.
No, I mean, I was, it's good that I was cut out because it'd be another thing to explain
to my parents.
Oh.
Everyone was dressed as a woman.
Yeah.
Because I was dressed like a woman.
All right.
Enough.
It's been plugged.
Yeah.
So, first thing we do, there's only a few people in this room.
You do live karaoke, not, you know, it's similar to this.
You're on the stage and whatever.
Jeff walked in.
It's not like a private room.
Okay.
Yeah.
I just wanted to clarify that.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
It's a big, big room, you know.
Yeah.
A bar room in a hotel.
First thing Jeff does is he goes and he puts money in the tip jar.
He puts $5.
Well, there's, there's a stipulation.
Some people said he put more than $5.
What?
That I've talked to people about the story.
Okay, can I just say?
Who said he put more than $5?
Uh, Weissel.
Weissel said he put more.
I can, I can settle that part of it right off the bat.
When we got there, there was only about maybe 10, 15 people there total.
Right.
Then a little later, there was maybe 30 people.
It started to fill up.
I signed up fairly early on and when I signed up, I wrote down a song, gave it to, there's
a guy in a gala there.
I gave them a $5 bill.
I put a $5 bill in their little jug and that was the only money in that, in that jug.
He was the first tipper.
It was early in the night.
So then I sat down and then time passes.
And then all bed goes on and I go on and we put in our slips of paper at the same time
as Jeff.
And then like tons of people were going on and Jeff's like, well, what's going on?
How come I'm not getting caught?
So he walks over and he has a little discussion.
Me and Avid don't understand what's going on.
He goes onto the stage and says, worst karaoke place ever.
We're like, oh, you're making a joke?
There was a conversation that happened in between.
So that's what, we didn't find that out until he came over to us.
I was like, is he joking?
And then we realized as he walked over, I was like, oh, just mad.
I walked over and it's a place where there's regulars there.
They're going to get preferential treatment.
I understand that.
I'm all for that because I go to other karaoke places where I am the beneficiary.
I'm the beneficiary of that preferential treatment.
Right, right.
So I dig that.
So somebody comes in after I signed up and they got up first, hooray.
But now I think some people sing twice in front of me.
And also there's people that came in way after me.
I think you're paying too much attention to who's singing when.
Well, I was like, I'm really drunk and I'm just calling my name.
No, thank you.
It was.
So I walked over.
I walked over and I have to say, I was in all good faith and all good, good climate,
walked over there and said, I was excited to see you go up.
I said, I just want to check how far away am I?
And she showed me the list and I was nowhere fucking anywhere on it.
I go, what?
She goes, did you sign up?
I'm like, yeah, I signed up like a while back.
And the guy's like, yeah, I don't think you did.
And so they showed me.
Then he put my name down at the bottom list.
I'm like, no, like I was here like when there was nobody here.
And they're like, yeah, you're on the list now.
I said, do you see the $5?
Do you remember that conversation that happened where I walked up when there was nobody?
And I signed up and handed you.
We all spoke to each other and I gave you a $5 bill and it went into this tip jar.
And they're like, well, yeah, but yeah, I don't remember.
You're on it now.
And so I was like, yeah, but now you're just lying to me.
And the woman takes the $5 bill and hands it back here.
I took it and I went, I took it and went rip, rip, rip and threw it in her face.
Oh my God, here's your $5 bill.
And she took the shreds and she snorted them and then she like, shit them out.
Just being fucking shit.
I didn't see that.
Fucking wait.
This is what she told me about it.
I was just being lied to.
They go, well, you're up next.
They said, you're not going on.
I took the mic.
Everybody, shittiest karaoke place in the universe.
And walked up there.
We thought it was a joke.
We're like, what's happening?
No.
I thought you said you thought he was making fun of the guy before him.
No, I was making fun of the two assholes running karaoke.
There was like a fake ass who rose up before him.
So poor guy just finished doing Elvis.
His therapist convinced him to go out and risk judgment in a safe way.
Wise men say.
It's like the stand up guy falling in love with you and then Jeff comes up.
Worst karaoke place ever.
He just crushes a bag of potatoes and pours them all over his face.
It was to an empty stage.
Then I got my shit together, told a couple of people that were there.
So I'm pretty sure I'm not allowed to be here anymore.
What I didn't find out is that you were in the hallway with like a security guard and
the lady for a long time.
It's scary.
I went right out and called the lift to bone the fuck out.
And I got out in the hallway, leaving the bar, leaving the hotel and a guy with the
ear monitor and the suit.
Burbank, California.
Comes up to me and he goes, with a woman, I think it was also probably like some sort
of manager at the hotel.
And I'm like, sir, you have to go.
I'm leaving.
I'm calling my car right now.
I saw a long conversation and then I asked Cali, should I go over there?
You have to go.
I wouldn't stay here on a bet.
I said, and believe me, I'm sorry if this ever involves you.
I'm not going to cause any trouble.
I'm simply leaving.
I'm just calling a car.
We can walk outside to where the car is coming.
And that was the end of the story.
However, I've never ripped up currency and thrown it in somebody's face.
That was shocking.
That is amazing.
That shocked me.
I've never seen Jeff so angry.
They lied to me.
They lied back to me and you were just like, fuck this place.
There was five fucking dollars in that fucking jar.
I've never seen you mean.
And they pretended like we had never met.
I've never seen Jeff angry.
On stage telling everyone to fuck off.
I don't presume that five dollars in the plastic Costco pretzel jar that you took the
label off and scrubbed it down so it didn't look like there was a pretzel label on there.
That is your shitty tip jar.
I don't presume that five dollars in that jar entitles me to shit.
But just don't fucking pretend that we never spoke because it was within the hour.
And we were fucking there.
You know, what's funny is every time I read it, I'm like, here's your money.
I'm like, here's your fucking money, lady.
Also, Jeff is the only six-foot guy in a suit.
Right, right, right.
Everyone else was just like Bono.
I'm not saying I'm here.
I was ashamed of myself.
I still did not feel good about that.
I'm not saying I'm a good guy.
What I did do is fuck off into Koreatown, went to a karaoke place where it was fucking
a groovy Tuesday, man.
Oh, sure.
I'm sure.
See what's a better one.
We should have all gone there.
Five fucking minutes after you left.
Jeff D is Jeff D there.
Well, yeah, they're Jeff D.
They didn't even know.
I wasn't on that list.
I saw the list.
They showed it to me and they gave me the fucking short shrift.
It was an accident is what I'm thinking.
There's no accident in karaoke.
I want to point out that if...
No, they called him twice.
If Jeff had done that on Twitter, it would be called a meltdown.
Yeah, yeah.
That's called a meltdown.
I honestly...
He melted down.
I never tipped until that night.
No, Dan, you would have always got up.
Dan, you would have taken $1,000, $5 bills and torn it up.
No, I would have fucking...
I mean, believe me, I'm not.
There's a couple...
There's a lot of fascinating things are happening.
I brought Abbot up here to exploit him.
I thought he was going to be the guy in the jar.
You are definitely the...
You are...
I'm not saying I'm not on your side.
No, I'm fucking Batman.
But you were wrong.
This is worth talking about.
This was worth talking about.
That's what I texted you.
I feel like you should know this.
Gwen, baby.
Gwen, get up here.
Gwen, where are you from?
Delaware?
Iowa.
I have an interesting story about that.
Gwen, get up here.
I got an interesting story.
This is Gwen, baby, everybody.
About you guys.
I...
Hey, Jeff, real quick.
That applause is very apprehensive.
Everyone's like, what the fuck is happening?
I was buying a drink.
I was at the bar buying a drink and you were there with your two friends.
I didn't know them, but they were talking about you.
Right.
And I was eavesdropping because they didn't know that I knew you.
Okay.
And they were saying, like, who wears a suit to a bar like this?
Right.
And I thought that was funny.
But people want to know if Gwen's the bouncer at the karaoke party they need to know.
Gwen is from Iowa.
I met her.
You're traveling.
I met her at the drawing room and that day I said, my friend, Abed, real Abed from community.
He said, oh, I know community.
Real Abed from community.
Well, Jeff was building me up, yeah.
I was saying, we're talking about karaoke.
I said, I'm going to do karaoke with my friend Abed, who is famously the inspiration for Abed
from community.
We went, but Gwen, you texted me today and said you have been kicked out of three places
in two nights?
Yeah.
I've never been kicked out of a place and I came to LA for one day and I've been kicked
out of three.
Including a Holiday Inn in Burbank, California.
Yeah, but yours was my favorite for sure.
Yeah.
Because I destroyed, I destroyed Lincoln's effigy.
What a birthday.
Good job.
I'm sad though because it is a cool karaoke place.
There's some weirdos there and you got like the worst end of it.
I didn't like the sound set up.
You should say, before all the Jeff crazy shit happened.
Bad speakers.
My friend Ben Page, you know Ben Page.
I know Ben Page.
Yeah, he's a karaoke genius and he went up and he did like Pink Floyd the wall, like
one of the songs and then like they had some sort of like the version of it was shitty
and in the middle of the song, he just walked off the stage.
Shit.
Yeah, and he's like, that version sucks.
It was an off night.
Yeah, and I'm like, you can't just walk off the stage in the middle of the song, dude.
Like I felt bad.
I was like, sounds like I'm kind of a hero for not going to your birthday.
It's quite a secret.
Yeah, Dan, you're off the hook, man.
You're off the hook.
Try staying there and doing karaoke after that happens.
It's impossible.
It's like nobody's having fun.
All right, but what other ideas do you have that you could try to explain?
What ideas?
I didn't know I didn't have ideas coming on here.
Do you have any, you know, you're famous for having pitched a restaurant idea.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, he wants more ideas.
Do you have any inventions or a shit you want to lay on this?
It's just a hope.
He's hoping for something.
Yeah, yeah.
Don't make up on the things you don't have.
I talk about my spec I'm writing.
No.
Because that's kind of an idea.
Will you talk about the cop that hit on you?
Oh, the cop.
But that's, I'm saving that for GVP though.
Should I?
First of all, they're GVP now.
I was saving that for their episode.
But all right, I'll do it.
I'll talk about it.
When grandma's virginity starts churning out once a week, they can have exclusives.
Justin and Ryan really.
Can I get a hit of that?
What is that?
That's medication.
I have a prescription in that.
I pulled it out and it was, I don't want to cause chaos.
Let's all ground ourselves.
Well, you want the cop story, the lady cop story?
I'd like it.
And also, I want to place a super fight like you guys played in Chicago too.
Can we do that tonight or now?
I want to hear about getting kicked out of three places in one.
Okay.
What were the other two joints that you got bounced out of?
How did you get kicked out of the karaoke place?
I kicked myself out of a holiday in Burbank.
He left.
He was like, he was done.
All right.
Well, let's pick, just so everybody understands, let's create like a Starship Troopers graphic
package where would you like to know more?
Okay.
We're going with Gwen getting kicked out of three places.
Let's go there.
So let's all go there together.
Eyes wide open.
Gwen.
Starship troopers?
Starship troopers.
I don't remember that part.
All right.
Put a pin in it.
I'm going to have to look that up later.
Okay.
Because Gwen, three places in how many days?
It was like two.
Okay.
And I don't know.
Bottomless mimosas aren't bottomless, first of all.
Shots fired.
That's true.
She's saying what we're all thinking.
And the other place that we got kicked out of was because of the bottomless mimosas.
You found out that you drink too many mimosas and like, okay, bottomless is a subjective
term.
They came out and said, this has to eventually end.
They said, wow.
That's amazing.
That's like, you're in World War II and Nazis come out and they go like, look, we get it.
You love freedom.
That was a terrible example.
You couldn't find the bottom.
I feel like the glass was really low.
Gwen, okay.
Let's just take us through.
So as a person who got kicked out of three places in two days, take us first one, second
one, third one.
Number one.
Right.
Okay.
How did that kick you out?
Number one, me tearing up money at the Halloween.
I ended up going to that place three times.
But I understand.
How did you get kicked out?
Yeah.
Exactly.
When I did that, I knew.
No, we know you.
Why her?
Because she was with me.
She was his boss.
We don't know that.
Jeff had a date.
No, no, no, no.
We don't know that.
There was her and her two friends.
It was like a whole group.
Yeah.
Jeff had a platonic date.
Wait.
So you guys.
I brought a woman from Iowa with her friends up to the bar.
They already knew that you were going to be there.
They talked to the bar like they didn't know you.
I met Gwen that day at the drawing.
I bet you didn't know this was going to happen.
You're going to be talking about it in front of all these people.
I eavesdropped.
It sounded like they didn't know who you were.
And they were making fun of you.
I bet does anybody truly know who I am?
Yeah.
I'd like to know you.
So you think if they knew who he was, he'd get better treatment?
Is that what you're saying?
No, I don't know.
I don't think they cares it.
All right, all right, all right.
So that's the price is right.
Gwen's second place you got kicked out of.
The place with the mimosas.
I don't know what the fuck that was.
You drank them out of champagne and orange juice.
All right.
Okay.
And then the other place, we walked down the street like two bars down.
And then Logan fell asleep on the bar and we had to go.
Fall asleep on the bar.
Yeah.
Logan, you son of a bitch.
For like 45 minutes.
What bar?
Was that the guy?
Was that the guy that was with you guys?
Not a very good bar.
That was the guy that was with you guys, right?
No.
Logan's the girl.
Oh, Logan's the girl.
You?
Okay.
Logan.
I thought that was a man's name.
Well, it's Wolverine.
I mean, I'm sorry.
No.
I mean, my Wolverine brain went to like that.
I pictured a dude at first too.
Yeah.
We're on the same page.
So you were asked to leave or gently left places that you probably shouldn't have stayed
in.
It was go both times.
And it was someone who really didn't, both times it was someone I felt bad for them having
to do it.
Glenn, okay.
Now I'm remembering.
Glenn has an awesome story.
Can we talk about your origin story of you, you and Iowa?
She's famous in this very small part of Iowa for being like, just in the movie Footloose.
She's like all the Kevin Bacon's in the world.
Wait, the remake or the old classic?
Can we talk about this or is this bad?
Are we adding flame?
Yeah.
It's fine.
No, it's totally okay.
The classic.
I don't think anyone in Iowa knows that this exists.
It's okay.
Do you want to tell it?
You can start.
I don't know where to start.
Well, I met her.
She grew up, correct me if I'm wrong.
You grew up in a very, not evangelical, but fundamentalist Christian time where you had
to wear a head covering.
Dancing was prescribed like illegal, right?
Yeah.
And you had to wear a head covering.
You can still do square dancing.
That's fine.
Because you're not touching.
But at her school, her mother was the vice president or principal of the college.
And of a very fundamentalist Christian school, where there's lots of rules, you're not allowed
to be in a car alone with a boy.
That's grounds for expulsion.
Yeah, that's like my dad always said that.
All right.
So he was like, no girl, you and just a girl, you know, like none of that.
Well, your dad was just protecting the community.
Ouch.
I'm not a, you win, you win, you win this round.
How old were you?
What was the first, uh, transgression?
The first time you got rumbled at school.
Oh, I blew a dude and he told on me.
Oh, I hate when that happens.
I wouldn't tell.
He falsely had sinned.
I'm like, what the heck is this?
In his defense at that age, if you get blown, I mean, and you don't tell anybody, did it
even happen?
He probably didn't even mean to get you in trouble.
He was just like, oh my God, that felt so good.
Now, God damn it.
I'm sure they've ever met it.
Yeah.
But he told to like expiate his own sins, but also that sent you up the river.
Yes.
Oh God.
That's awful.
And then your, and then the second one was what?
I drove some kids to a party and I like had a hit from a joint and then I got told on.
All right.
So you got told on twice, kicked out of the school.
She was like Bill Clinton, you know, took a hit, got in trouble.
She was also hit her own Monica Lewinsky.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
She had both, she's liked Bill Clinton.
Yeah.
Female Bill Clinton.
Wow.
So you, so both times you got told on by male students, right?
Yeah.
And they probably didn't suffer any consequences because that's.
Probably less.
Male privilege, right?
I remember the word harlot being thrown around.
Oh.
So you're the Hester Prynne of this town.
Wait, wait, was it for the blowjob or the weed?
Both.
Okay.
That, that makes you a harlot.
You can't just do one.
Because she's a female.
I'll bet.
No, I mean, I didn't even think of in that zone.
All right.
You're right.
Fair enough.
I'm going to step aside here.
So before I get, you take it down 20%, she goes up 20%.
That's like, we're doing a symphony.
It's all math.
Yeah.
You're right.
All right.
So you're the top brass at the.
No, not really.
Just me.
It just, yeah.
But it didn't, it didn't affect her like standing in the community or?
No.
But you still live in the community.
Yeah.
And now when people find you, if people run into you, they either think, oh, I didn't
know that you actually, you're like Paul Bunyan.
Like you're an actual folk more.
There's two.
There's, I think there's rules.
Paul Bunyan.
There's rules at the school now because of me, but there's also, there's also, I work
at a bar and people will come in and it will be one of two, not to drink because it's coffee
after any day.
It doesn't matter.
But they go to the school and they'll come in and I either get, oh, I, there's another
one and they think I'm my sister or.
Are you twins?
No, she's three years older than me, but, or it's, oh, oh, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't
know that was real.
Like that's, yeah.
So it's kind of, yeah.
I'm folklore.
Like, yeah.
But you mean, well, meaning that they didn't know it was real, that you got punished, that
you were just kind of.
That existed.
Or, or that.
I think.
That this is a folkloric tale to scare people off of getting blown in a car.
Sorry.
So, so, I was still steeped in such medieval hypocrisy, this was like, this was like, five
years ago.
Like, so I wasn't clear.
I, they obviously meet you.
And they go, oh, I didn't know you really existed.
I didn't know they really happened.
I didn't know I wanted to be clear, but they weren't synthetic.
Oh, I didn't know it was real that we accidentally got to person.
Johnny clarification over here.
Hmm.
Yes.
And that's a bottle.
I'm really good, right?
I kind of want to talk about how sensitive I was to the idea of like, I feel like I've heard
versions of that just like that little bazooka joe comic like that little it's not even a story
it's just like a little sliver of like like it's adolescent like encounters with misogyny that
phrase was like I blew a dude and he told on me like that in one form or another that happens
constantly that that's like the first encounter and it's like the thing that always fascinates me is
like I don't know women don't have like a like like like it's like it's like if you're if you're
like you're selfless enough to like like you're like with a guy and you're like like I really want
this person to you're like like like how does that well it's either you want his dick or you don't
I've been stop it I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm hurting myself enough I don't I can't
have you know I got it I got it kind of it's kind of tricky with that way yeah it's not like
it's like women have a ton of like young girl from their adolescence in small towns where they do
get hester print like like there's not there's not a ton of stories where girls go I was so
horny that I jumped on a dude and made myself come on his dick and then they told on me it's like
they go I blew a dude like like I don't not saying women don't get pleasure out of giving
that goes that looks like like everybody's having fun when everyone's having fun but isn't that I
mean I was excommunicated from testing for eating too much pussy that see that doesn't happen it's
like I ate a girl's pussy and she told me first of all she never tells fucking betrayed me it's
kind of like sucking a dick is like a power trip right it's kind of like it's like a domination
thing I think you're no yeah I think it's called a blowjob because it's a job you have to like
really try to suck that dick make it feel good a lot of girls don't like that dick I think you're
coming you're you're swirling around my point but I am but also surrounding my point is like
why it's called a blowjob let me talk like a six-year-old for a second and just bound through
this minefield I'm not gonna try to be politically correct or win any points my when I hear that
stuff I just go but a woman sucking your dick is the biggest favor she could ever do you
in your life and the the idea that that also makes you a slut instead of a saint is insane
like I just that a young that a young guy like she's it's not like it's not like she's indulging
her impulses it's like she's indulging a natural like like oh that's such a highly evolved person
that at that age she wanted to give something to someone but in a community that repressed
that the guy can go oh I feel really guilty about this I'm gonna turn us both in and she's the one
that gets in trouble not me I think that's fucked honestly as a dude and having been that age like
I said as a joke but it's like still it's like I think the the the original the foundation of it is
if you're a dude and you find out that it's possible for a girl to like you enough to give of herself
to you you can't you start to get obsessed and you go like but what if no one ever knows this
happened and I got hit by a bus and when that thought hits you unfortunately you're in a locker
room in the middle of pickpickipsy or whatever Gwen Gwen do you think there was any braggadocio
or do you think it was just guilt in him trying to because you're religious right he was religious
there's no difference between guilt and braggadocio by the way let's just like so that's the same
thing bless me father for I've sinned I fucking like a chick fucking thought I was hot like oh I'm
just dying about it because like she she said like she had fundamentalist like it's pretty hardcore
religious it's like you know he actually felt bad yeah growing up Muslim we never got but I mean
when you're bragging about someone blowing you don't usually tell like the president of your
college so you said he was also kind of like a huckster car salesman he kind of yeah yeah
so he was full of shit that's kind of like level two and it's like it's like the joke that
where an old guy goes in a confessional and the priest opens the door and it's a very old man
and the priest says how can I help you and he says I've been happily married for 50 years
never cheated on my wife once until last night and I had just filthy crazy sex with a 18 year old
cheerleader every position all night long just wild crazy sex and and the priest says oh my god
that's really serious he should do a hundred Hail Marys and 200 Our Fathers and the guy says
I'm not Catholic I'm Jewish and the priest says why you telling me is it telling you I'm telling
everybody and that is that is actually that's what I believe is the root of that's that's that's
the root of the earliest encounter with misogyny that that like a like that women have is like
it's like little boys going like I can't believe it's possible I have to tell somebody or I feel
so terrible it happened I don't think blowjobs feel good whoa all right I've not had a good blowjob
I've not well we're gonna every time I get one it's bad we're gonna we're about to make podcast
history she's not like I mean I see you know the line forms on the right it's like Jesus
relax your job I'm like what is with this relax someone said relax your job hey Gwen Gwen Gwen
there's this blowjob obsession and I'm like what is the big deal I don't get it it hurts it actually
hurts you've been hanging out with the wrong people man I want to make sure I got it what's
happening are they like it feels like they're trying to pull it out and I'm like fall down like do it
you know like I guess yeah I have to I need more experience don't use your words sorry to
sorry to throw that out there but I've never had a good one I've never yeah it's never worked for me
that's so sad I'm not a fan of the bull blowjob you should move to Iowa he's right he's right he's
right yeah it's just it doesn't work for me I'm so distracted by that but I saw it doesn't
yeah I want to share with Gwen because we kind of like may pulled around your your your I don't
know what you call it your your trauma your your point of view make sure you get the last word
about that stuff because I was like hey here's the thing about sucking dicks I is there anything I
said that you're like wait a minute you just said some shit that like actually perpetuates a thing
I'm sorry because you're going back home like in a day or two right like tomorrow yeah and and
when you return home you are semi known for that and semi not known for that right yeah I guess
everything passes in my small town I'm worried about it I'm really really fine yeah I don't tell
like random people in bars about me blowing dudes if I don't if I'm not fine with it like yeah but
like but you like the beauty of is that you don't give a shit and also like you're bigger than that
and it's not that's like also I we were talking about this at the drawing room I was like like
if you come to Harmontown let's talk about this because I think that you might set a lot of people
free back in small town like midwest suck a dick once in a while exactly well yeah if all if well
you know it's hard to tell you should tell yeah you tell women to suck more dick that's you can do
that and I'll I'll I'll meet you on the other end and go guys kick your dick second fucking mum's the
word like like take it easy because your friends are they're not gonna make it you make you come
harder thank you for coming back to the girl that sucked your dick and tell her how good it felt
it's called love thank you for coming to Harmontown Calico's day I bet gave grand baby
Mike and Phil from animal who am I forgetting Rob Schwab Steve Levy Spencer Crittenden that we
we almost never spoke to the entire show but he sat there he loves it oh shit
I'm Jeff Davis let's give it one more time for your mayor Dan Harmon everybody
I think I thought that Pixar movie was fine it's great
sir please please it teaches kids that they that that being no Dave Kline please don't
it's a good movie it teaches kids that being sad for to being happy the show's over but video
extra video extra for the for the subscribers get up and Dave do I don't I'm so tired you're
gonna do Dave Kline you guys do a little like interpretive dance as as we leave the show is
over you're all out to leave but this is for the for the video subscribers Dave Kline and a rare
what's in the bag
okay now everybody
I say my dance I give my face I give my crown I give it all give it all away because I don't own
anything Dave Kline everybody
just a shout out to the to the academy I got one thing to say the only thing that
I fucking put the french impressionist on the map was because the fucking academy did no one's what so we got to look away from the academy and look to the staff all we're looking to the
did you get any of that it's a good show
oh